homebox: init at 0.13.0; nixos/homebox: init (#320060)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2411.section.md

- [Quickwit](https://quickwit.io), sub-second search & analytics engine on cloud storage. Available as [services.quickwit](options.html#opt-services.quickwit).

> - [HomeBox](https://github.com/hay-kot/homebox/) Homebox is the inventory and organization system built for the Home User [services.homebox](#opt-services.homebox.enable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [HomeBox](https://github.com/hay-kot/homebox/): the inventory and organization system built for the Home User. Available as [services.homebox](#opt-services.homebox.enable).
```

Author: fixed.

- [Immersed VR](https://immersed.com/), a closed-source coworking platform. Available as [programs.immersed-vr](#opt-programs.immersed-vr.enable).

> - [HomeBox](https://github.com/hay-kot/homebox/): the inventory and organization system built for the Home User. Available as [services.homebox](#opt-services.homebox.enable).

Reviewer 2: This can be changed to https://github.com/sysadminsmedia/homebox now.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/340001
